# Overview of the Replication Package Content

<dl>
  <dt>RCLUV_Extractor</dt>
  <dd>It contains the program needed to extract the RCLUVs of source files. When the extractor gets some error it writes those in the result file.</dd>  
  
  <dt>Eclipse</dt>
  <dd>
    <dl>
      <dt>Eclipse_RCLUV</dt>
      <dd> It has three *.RcluvAnalysis.csv files and one titles.txt file. These files were generated by the RCLUV extractor. In addition to RCLUVs these files have two non-RCLUV elements: class name, and counts of number lines. However, we have removed only the TXL warning rows from these file. These files do not contain the column titles but they are in the titles.txt file.</dd>
      <dt>Eclipse_filename_bug_RCLUV</dt>
      <dd>It has six files- three *_rcluv_bug.csv and three *_rcluv_bug.arff files. These files have the column titles. The *_rcluv_bug*.csv files contain Project, Version, Class and isBuggy columns in addition to RCLUV elements of each source file. The *_rcluv_bug.arff files contain isBuggy and the RCLUV elements.</dd>
      <dt>Eclipse_Results</dt>
      <dd>It has two result files Comparison_with_choudhary.xlsx and Comparison_with_Zimmermann.xlsx </dd>
    </dl>
  </dd>
  
  <dt>GitHub</dt>
  <dd>
    <dl>
      <dt>GitHub_RCLUV</dt>
      <dd>It has fifteen *.RcluvAnalysis.csv files and one titles.txt file. These files were generated by the RCLUV extractor. In addition to RCLUVs these files have two non-RCLUV elements: class name, and counts of number lines. However, we have removed only the TXL warning rows from these file. These files do not contain the column titles but they are in the titles.txt file. </dd>
      <dt>GitHub_filename_bug_RCLUV</dt>
      <dd>It has thirty files- fifteen *_rcluv_bug.csv and fifteen *_rcluv_bug.arff files. These files have the column titles. The *_rcluv_bug*.csv files contain Project, Version, Class and isBuggy columns in addition to RCLUV elements of each source file. The *_rcluv_bug.arff files contain isBuggy and the RCLUV elements. </dd>
      <dt>GitHub_Results</dt>
      It has eight files. For any particular classifier the *.all_models_avg.xlsx files contain the 10 fold cross validation results of 10 random undersampled subsets of the datasets. Compare_with_Toth.xlsx compares the performance of RCLUV-based models with product metrics-based models. Voting_performance.xlsx give the voting performance of the models. Individual vs Voting performance.xlsx compares the performance obtained using a single classifier and a voted classifier for each project.
      <dd></dd>
    </dl>
  </dd>
  
  <dt>ReadMe.txt</dt>
  </dl>
  
  # Replication of the Study
  To make the performance of the developed models comparable with existing research we used the [WEKA][weka-link] machine learning tool. The \*.arff data files provided in *Eclipse\Eclipse_filename_bug_RCLUV\\* and *GitHub\GitHub_filename_bug_RCLUV\\* can can be used to train machine learning models in WEKA with the minimum effort.
  
  ## Hyperparameters
  Below we present the hyperparameters that were used to develop the models.
  
  ### Eclipse
  
  [weka-link]https://www.cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/
  
  # Running the RCLUV Extractor
